Fixed the `if_exists` parameter in `CreateTableFromBlob` task (#874)
dyvenia/viadot: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

### Fixed

> - `tasks/azure_sql` fixed parameter definition issue in `CreateTableFromBlob` task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the `if_exists` parameter definition in the `CreateTableFromBlob` task.
```
